---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
subtitle: "Building lunar flag assembly interaction"
date: 2021-04-22 00:00:00 -0400
background: '/img/posts/02.jpg'
---

# Prototype Demo

<iframe width="100%" height="500px" src="https://apollo-remix-flag.glitch.me/"></iframe>
<br>


# Each Member's Progress

**Sarah Rashid**

Apollo flag deployment research, assisted with flag interactions and worked on 3d hammer asset, added guiding ui for mission 1

**Ramya Ravichandran Asha**

Researched, implemented teleportation using aframe-teleport-controls (left trigger) and smooth locomotion (right thumbstick).

**Aayush Chhabra**

Worked on building the interaction.

**Peter Lin**

Researched, designed the first mission interaction, implemented planting the flag and hammering the flag.

# Code Updates

We have started coding mission 1: plant the flag. Our code now allows a user to place the flag pole in its intended position and hammer it in. We display text to inform the user of the mission steps and have red indicators that guide the user to fulfill the actions. We are currently working on teleportation, and a UI panel to display historical flag information.

Here’s our current combined code complete with the the first part of the flag interaction: [https://glitch.com/edit/#!/apollo-remix-flag](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/apollo-remix-flag)

# Update on Ideas

We have decided to include popup panels by our assets including historical information and images to our MVP. We also decided to include teleportation to allow the user to move around the scene.

# Plan for Next Week

Our plan for next week is to complete the implementation of mission 1. We want to add the american flag to the pole and incorporate wind physics using cannon.js. We also want to implement the UI panel with flag information. We would also like to build out a more interesting and interactive scene.

# Blocking Issues

We are having issues with grabbing objects - picking up the flagpole is difficult. We are currently using super hands but if you have other recommendations we would appreciate it. 

What’s the best way to go about adding colliders to the environment ground (especially the canyons/uneven ground)? This would prevent the camera/other objects from passing through the uneven ground and would allow the user to teleport onto it as well.
