---
layout: post
title: "Week 2"
subtitle: "Pitch and Prototype"
date: 2021-04-06 00:00:00 -0400
background: '/img/posts/02.jpg'
---

# Each Member's Progress

**Sarah Rashid**

Worked on and presented project pitch, created blog post, worked on PRD, experimented with adding 3D models to glitch webXR project.

**Ramya Ravichandran Asha**

Worked on and presented project pitch, created blog post, worked on PRD, added moon surface environment to WebXR rapid prototype, added super-hands (to grab/throw/push/stretch objects) and physics (moon gravity, shadows, collision detection).

**Aayush Chhabra**

Worked on and presented project pitch, created blog post, worked on PRD, added controllable astronaut avatar.

**Peter Lin**

Worked on and presented project pitch, created blog post, worked on PRD, added the lunar sky scene into WebXR rapid prototype.  

# Code Updates

Our team has created a rapid prototype in WebXR using Glitch. This prototype contains a realistic moon surface, lunar scene, and objects the user is able to grab and throw. The scene has gravity comparable to the moon. The interaction of being able to grab the colored boxes models our missions for the user to hammer in the flag and collect moon samples. We have also added an astronaut controllable through the third person. We are not sure yet about how we will animate the user’s suit but are looking into options as we prefer a first person experience.

Here’s our rapid prototype: https://glitch.com/edit/#!/thread-husky-ogre

# Update on Ideas

The team has narrowed down our MVP main missions to three: driving a lunar vehicle to explore the moon’s surface, collecting samples, and assembling/placing the flag on the moon. With these missions in our MVP, our stretch goals will include an animation for the spacecraft leaving earth and arriving on the moon, a deep space scene, and educational images from the Apollo 15 mission. 

# Plan for Next Week

Our plan for next week is to fully build out our lunar scene with all of our required assets. We want a nice lunar surface, a spacecraft, a lunar roving vehicle, and an astronaut. We also plan to research about the Apollo 15 mission to ensure accuracy and realism in our application. Lastly, we will start implementing the placing flag mission.

# Blocking Issues

Loading 3D assets into Glitch is kind of a pain so we would like a place to host our web app. Also, we will probably need to purchase 3D assets in the next week.
